The faster you drive, the more fuel you're using.
The optimum speed on the highway is 55 mph.
Authorities are again considering setting 55 mph as the speed limit on all highways in an effort to mandate fuel conservation.
If they do that, you'll be well ahead of the game.
On some highways in West Texas, you can legally drive 80 mph.
Gas mileage drops dramatically at this speed.
Don't drive erratically.
Strive for smooth starts and stops.
Pick a lane and stay in it without weaving in and out of traffic.
The shortest distance between two points is a straight line.
Colorado provides many outdoor activities to the public.
In the warmer seasons, river rafting in Colorado is one of the most sought-after activities and there are multiple white water rafting trips from which to choose.
Some of the most popular Colorado River rafting excursions run through the Arkansas River and include bighorn sheep canyon, the royal gorge, and a number of smaller rivers.
The bighorn sheep canyon rafting trip is rated as a beginner to intermediate white water rafting trip.
This is a more family-oriented expedition in which both adults and kids can enjoy.
The bighorn sheep canyon got its name from the numerous sightings of bighorn sheep that are found throughout the canyon.
Alternatively, many thrill seekers enjoy rafting the Poudre River outside of Fort Collins in northern Colorado.
The earliest life would have been single-celled microbes.
Pockets of gas trapped along ancient shorelines would have given them a cozy place to call home about three billion years ago...
or so scientists report.
Such a snug hideout could have shielded microbes from ultraviolet radiation.
And not only on Earth, the scientists say, but perhaps on Mars as well.
Today, high in the stratosphere, a thick layer of ozone blankets the planet.
Ozone, made from three bound oxygen atoms, helps filter the sun's harmful UV rays from Earth's surface.
But back a few billion years ago the atmosphere lacked oxygen.
Yet, even without the protective ozone layer, microbes found a way to survive back then.
Oil and water don't mix.
You have probably heard this old saying.
It isn't just folk wisdom, however.
It's chemistry.
Another common expression, like water off of a duck's back, illustrates the same basic principle.
The oil on a duck's feathers repels water and prevents the bird from getting soaked in the rain.
Naturally oily feathers also help keep a bird dry as it swims.
Chemistry is just one way to repel water in nature.
Structure, or the shape of things, is another.
To excel at water repellency, the lotus leaf relies on both.
Unlike water lilies, the lotus holds its leaves and flowers high above a pond's surface.
Still, each lotus is amply prepared to fend off a drenching.
The waxy surface of the leaves helps repel water chemically.